Update configure-endpoints-gp.md (#12800)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-endpoints-gp.md

5. Right-click **Scheduled tasks**, point to **New**, and then click **Immediate task**.

> 6. In the **Task** window that opens, go to the **General** tab. Under **Security options** click Change User or Group and type SYSTEM and then click Check Names then OK. NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM appears as the user account the task will run as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Task** window that opens, go to the **General** tab under **Security options** and select **Change User or Group**, enter SYSTEM, then select **Check Names** and then **OK**. NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM appears as the user account that the task will run as.
```
